L'Umbracle (City of Arts and Sciences): A landscaped walkway that offers impressive views of the complex, blending art, architecture, and nature.
Cabecera Park: A vast green space along the banks of the old Turia riverbed, ideal for walks, cycling, and relaxation.
Reina Sofía Palace of the Arts (City of Arts and Sciences): A contemporary art cultural center, renowned for its innovative design and cutting-edge exhibitions.
City of Arts and Sciences: An icon of Valencian modernity, where spaces of science, art, and leisure converge.
L'Umbracle (City of Arts and Sciences): A landscaped walkway that offers impressive views of the complex, blending art, architecture, and nature.
Oceanographic (City of Arts and Sciences): A renowned aquarium, the largest in Europe, showcasing the diversity of marine life.
City of Arts and Sciences: An icon of Valencian modernity, where spaces of science, art, and leisure converge.
Bridge of l'Assut de l'Or (City of Arts and Sciences): A modern structure that connects the complex and offers unique panoramic views of the city.
Avenue of the Kingdom of Valencia: A historic thoroughfare in the heart of the city, surrounded by landmark buildings and vibrant urban life.
House of the Hook Point: An old traditional house noted for its architecture and significance in local history.
Church of Saint Catherine: A Gothic and Baroque style church, located in the old town, reflecting centuries of faith and tradition.
Bullring: A historic arena for bullfights, a witness to bullfighting traditions and cultural events in Valencia.
Archbishop's Palace: An imposing Baroque building, the residence of the archbishop, notable for its artistic details and religious history.
Passage of Emilio María Aparicio Olmos: An elegant and busy passage, known for its traditional shops and welcoming atmosphere.
Virgin's Square: One of the oldest and most picturesque squares, surrounded by historic monuments and near the cathedral.
Turia Fountain: An iconic fountain that pays tribute to the old riverbed, a meeting point in the heart of the city.
Turia Fountain: An ornamental detail that enhances the history of the Turia and adds a refreshing touch to the urban setting.
Archbishop's Palace: A majestic building of great historical and artistic value, representative of Valencian religious heritage.
Central Market: A vibrant modernist market, famous for its architecture and the quality of its fresh, local products.
Church of Saint John of the Hospital: A religious building with a mix of styles, preserving traditions and narrating the history of the city.
Passage of Emilio María Aparicio Olmos: A charming pedestrian walkway that connects traditional shops and a unique local atmosphere.
Oceanographic (City of Arts and Sciences): A renowned aquarium, the largest in Europe, showcasing the diversity of marine life.
Queen's Square: A historic central square that houses monuments and serves as a hub in the heart of Valencia.
Palace of t